# CS-255
The goal of designing and creating the Driver Pass system was to create an effective online program for Liam, the owner of the DriverPass company, as well as taking into consideration Ian’s perspectives, the IT Officer for DriverPass. The client needed a system that would allow students to register for driving courses, pay for packages, schedule lessons, and track their progress. The system also required an administrative backend for managing student information, courses , and instructors schedules. The primary goal was to create a user-friendly interface for students, administrators and instructors that accomplished all of these goals while also maintaining security and good performance.
I believe I did good work in translating the client's business requirements into a detailed system design that met all of their specific needs. This included creating UML diagrams that clearly outlined the system's design and ensuring that all functional and nonfunctional requirements were addressed. I aimed to anticipate potential challenges and design a system that was both robust and scalable.
If I were to revise one part of my work, I would focus on my sequence diagram. While the one I made effectively illustrated the interactions between the user, system and bank I believe a better use case to cover would have been appointment bookings or user management with the IT Officer. Something a bit more complex to better lay out the groundwork for how that use case should operate specifically. 
By reviewing the interview transcript and business requirements I was able to interpret what the user’s needs were. I ensured that every aspect of the design aligned with not solely the client's expectations, but also by focusing on how the user experience was and how the user interacts with the system. The user's needs are crucial in the design because it ensures that the final product is useful which will lead to higher satisfaction and a larger user base. 
My approach to designing software involves thoroughly understanding the client's requirements, and then creating a modular design that allows for flexibility and scalability. Prioritizing clear communication with the client to ensure that all requirements are accurately captured is also key. Utilizing UML diagrams to visualize system architecture and leverage agile methodologies to help iteratively develop and refine the systems is key. This ensures that it meets user needs at every stage of the development process.
